README.md, before:

# Project to Collect Entries for the Corn Silage Trials.

## University of Florida.
## Institute of Food & Animal Science.
## Forage Team.

Fixes Needed:
[X] Fix the Remove All Itens With the Same Name (UUID).
[X] Dont Allow Adding Without Selecting Fields. 


[X] Add Functionality for Type Selection on Radio Button.
[X] Add Functionality for Seasons Selection on Selection Boxs.
[X] Add the “multi cut” option if the type is “Sudan”  or “Millet”
[X] Add the Type, Seasons, and Multi-Cut options in the list below

[X] Message Saying an Entry (or 2) have been added to the List Succefully
[X] Add Company Name in the LocalStorage. 
[X] Add the List of itens in the LocalStorage.

[ ] Confirmation Page to send all the trials.

[ ] Add the send e-mail functionallity.
[ ] Add the Database.
[ ] Create the Database View.

[ ] Clear LocalStorageEntries ("uf-forage-trials-entries-list") when the user sends the list. 
localStorage.setItem("uf-forage-trials-entries-list", []);

[ ] Improve the css of the Item List.

Tutorials that Helped: 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bjnW2NLAofI - Todo List in ReactJS using TypeScript Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KYKmqeU6lOI - React Notification Component.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SOnMln3W0U8 - Adding Local Storage.

Commit message:

styling send button according to the EntryList Lenght

README.md, after:

# Project to Collect Entries for the Corn Silage Trials.

## University of Florida.
## Institute of Food & Animal Science.
## Forage Team.

Fixes Needed:
[X] Fix the Remove All Itens With the Same Name (UUID).
[X] Dont Allow Adding Without Selecting Fields. 


[X] Add Functionality for Type Selection on Radio Button.
[X] Add Functionality for Seasons Selection on Selection Boxs.
[X] Add the “multi cut” option if the type is “Sudan”  or “Millet”
[X] Add the Type, Seasons, and Multi-Cut options in the list below

[X] Message Saying an Entry (or 2) have been added to the List Succefully
[X] Add Company Name in the LocalStorage. 
[X] Add the List of itens in the LocalStorage.

[ ] Disable "Send Form" Button while no item in the list and Change Text.
[ ] Confirmation Page to send all the trials.

[ ] Add the send e-mail functionallity.
[ ] Add the Database.
[ ] Create the Database View.

[ ] Clear LocalStorageEntries ("uf-forage-trials-entries-list") when the user sends the list. 
localStorage.setItem("uf-forage-trials-entries-list", []);

[ ] Improve the css of the Item List.

Tutorials that Helped: 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bjnW2NLAofI - Todo List in ReactJS using TypeScript Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KYKmqeU6lOI - React Notification Component.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SOnMln3W0U8 - Adding Local Storage.
